So if you're going to be taking the AWS Machine Learning Specialty exam,
there are some concepts I think it would benefit you to review
from this module before taking the exam.
So first of all,
you need to understand the concepts of fault tolerance and high availability.
So you need to understand the definition of each,
but you also need to understand how you build machine learning solutions on
AWS that are both fault tolerant and highly available.
You also need to understand CloudWatch and CloudTrail.
You need to know the use case for both.
You need to know, for example, that CloudWatch includes both metrics,
which we can set alarms on, but also logs that we can configure retention for.
And you need to know about CloudTrail and the ability for it
to provide an audit trail for actions taken against
SageMaker or other services on AWS.
You need to know how to implement scaling for a
SageMaker‑hosted endpoint. So you need to know how to define
that scaling policy, what elements are included,
that it takes a CloudWatch metric to determine when to
scale, and that it takes a minimum and maximum number of
instances within that scaling policy.
You also need to understand the purpose and use of deep learning containers.
You want to know the different services that you can leverage with deep learning containers, which are EC2, ECS, and EKS.